Add my changes (#727)
nushell/nushell.github.io: blog/2023-01-10-nushell_0_74.md

〉[{a:1} {b:2} {a:3}] | select -i foo | default 0 foo
[[foo]; [0], [0], [0]]
```

As you can see, `default` in the above example can reliably populate an entire table column when some or all of the values don't exist.

## Certain misused punctuation in `def` definitions are now errors ([webbedspace](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/pull/7624), [webbedspace](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/pull/7606))

The following misuses of punctuation in `def` definitions now produce errors:

- Placing a comma between a long flag and its short alternative (e.g. `def a [--foo, (-f)] {}`)
- Consecutive commas, like `def a [foo,,bar] {}`
- Consecutive colons, like `def a [foo::int] {}`
- Using `^` in command names, like `def ^a [] {}`

## `$in` now works in `catch` closures

`$in` in `catch` closures now behaves identically to how it does in other closures, like those given to `each` (it's equivalent to what would be the first named argument).

`try { 'x' | math abs } catch { print $in }` behaves the same as `try { 'x' | math abs } catch {|e| print $e }`.

## MIME-types are supported in `ls` with an additional flag. ([fdncred](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/pull/7616))

> To find out what applications your operating system associates with particular file, you can now use the `--mime-type` or `-m` flag on our `ls` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out what application your operating system associates with a particular file, you can now use the `--mime-type` or `-m` flag on our `ls` command.
```

> To find out what application your operating system associates with a particular file, you can now use the `--mime-type` or `-m` flag on our `ls` command.

Reviewer 2: This statement about application associations seems to indicate we display application names in `ls`, which we do not. We show mime-types that were guessed at by file extensions and I think that is the extent of the change.
